{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AndaleMono;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\'01;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid103\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid104\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2880\lin2880 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 All radiologic results should be generated from oldest to most recent. These include mammograms, mRIs, ultrasound, as well as bone scans, PET-CT and CT cheest and CT abdomen and pelvis if completed due to advanced disease in setting of breast cancer. Inidications as follows 
\f1 	for screening a	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 With known genetic mutation(s) or syndrome(s) conferring increased breast cancer risk.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	a	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Who have not undergone genetic testing but have a first-degree relative with a BRCA mutation.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	b	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 With a 20% or greater lifetime risk for breast cancer based on breast cancer risk model(s).\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	c	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 With a first-degree relative with breast cancer, who may commence screening 10 years earlier than the age at which the youngest first-degree relative was diagnosed (but not before age 30).\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	d	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 With a history of chest (mantle) radiation received between the ages of 10 and 30, who should begin screening 8 years after radiation therapy, but not before age 25.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	e	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 With biopsy-proven ductal carcinoma in situ, invasive breast cancer, ovarian cancer, or high risk lesion (such as atypical ductal hyperplasia or lobular neoplasia), who should begin screening at the time of diagnosis, regardless of age. As follows for diagnostic mammograms \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 	1	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Diagnostic mammography is used to evaluate clinical breast findings, such as an area of palpable concern, a persistent focal area of pain or tenderness, skin/nipple changes, or suspicious nipple\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	f	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A clinical breast finding may be elicited when a patient presents for a screening If so, a diagnostic mammogram should be performed instead.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	a	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The facility should have a process for converting a screening mammogram to a diagnostic examination (which may comprise both mammography and targeted ultrasound).\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	g	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Diagnostic mammography is used to evaluate abnormal imaging findings identified on screening\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	a	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Occasionally, diagnostic mammography may be requested to characterize breast findings identified on imaging examinations not specific to the breast, such as computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography/computed tomography (PET/CT), or magnetic resonance (MR)\
\ls1\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	b	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Diagnostic mammography may be indicated to further evaluate a finding identified on a breast MR examination.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	h	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Diagnostic mammography should be performed for follow-up evaluation of a mammographic finding assessed as "probably benign\'94 at a prior diagnostic examination, as defined by the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.acr.org/Clinical-Resources/Clinical-Tools-and-Reference/Reporting-and-Data-Systems/BI-RADS"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ACR Breast Imaging Reporting and Data System (BI-RADS\'ae)}} [31].\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	i	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
Guidelines for rad reporting:\
Document all mammograms that were performed, and the dates they were done, as well as indicate whether or not it was for screening or diagnosis. Format should follow. Mammogram (date, screening or diagnostic, bilateral or unilateral)\
List all indications for screening versus diagnostic mammogram according to ACS guidelines. When unsure if a mammogram was for screening or diagnosis refer to the reason, it was ordered and match to a formation guidelines to decide whether screening or diagnostic mammogram was more likely ordered as a result. \
\
When reporting findings of the mammogram. First breast composition if indicated. Options are entirely fatty scattered areas of fibroglandular density, heterologous lead, dense or extremely dense. You should report all 1 abnormalities, including a symmetry, calcifications, architectural, distortions, calcifications noting morphology (
\f2\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Skin, vascular, coarse, large rodlike, round or punctate (< 1mm), rim, dystrophic, milk of calcium and suture calcifications, amorphous, course heterogenous, find clear, amorphic, find linear or find linear, branching)
\f0\fs24 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0  and distribution (the fuse, regional, grouped their cluster, linear, segment)according to included table. masses noting shape, density and margins. For sides without abnormality state right or left with no abnormal findings. Both sides should be mentioned. indicating the quadrant of the breast in parentheses for each abnormality (RUQ, RLQ, LLQ, LUQ), clock face if an available(o clock format), and depth (anterior middle of posterior third). State size in centimeters of the largest dimension. Do this in format abnormality_name(size_abn cm in quadrant_breast, \'97 o\'92clock). \
Note management recommendations  such as further imaging or biopsy. List all indications for further imaging versus biopsy after biopsy according to ACS guidelines. LLM should refer to this when in doubt. Some options for recs are further imaging [additional diagnostic views mammogram +US], stereotactic or core needle biopsy, surgical biopsy, MRI-guided biopsy, surgical evaluation. \
\
For ultrasound (date, screening or diagnostic, procedural for biopsy, bilateral or unilateral)\
Follow a similar format as above annotating breast compensation if noted. Then each side with all abnormalities and their morphology as solid, cystic, complex, irregular etc. Mass echo pattern should be noted (anechoic, hypo, colic, complex, cystic, and solid, I saw a code, hyper colic, heterogenous) as well as shape and posterior features such as shadowing,then in parentheses indicate lesion sizes in three dimensions rather than just largest in cm. ( - x - x -  cm, -N-). use clock face as digit prior to N and distance from nipple as digit after N. This should follow size in parentheses. Indicate whether he's findings correlate with those found in the corresponding mammogram. Note lymph node findings of each side imaged systematically. State no lymphadenopathy for sides with no abnormal lymph node findings. Otherwise, state abnormal lymph node findings, exactly as they appear in the report. State recommendation regarding management, including routine screening, short interval, follow up or continuing surveillance , biopsy a breast and/or fna/biopsy lymph node, surgical evaluation. If us done for biopsy, document placement of marker/clip placed (yes or no) and shape if yes, as well as postprocedure mammograms (yes no) and location of marker with respect to biopsied lesion\
\
For MRI (date, unilateral or bilateral)\
List abnormalities by side and indicate no abnormalities for side with no abnormalities\
\
Indicate all areas of enhancement and know whether or not they are a full size a mass or a non-mass like enhancement. For masses know their shape, for example, round oval, ovulated or regular and margins for example smooth irregular speculated.. no enhancement patterns of mass such as homogenous, heterogeneous, Raymond enhancement, dark, internal septations, enhancing eternal citations or central enhancement. . \
\
For non-Mass enhancement, no distribution such as focal linear duct segmental regional refuse. No associated features such as skin or nipple, involvement, chest wall invasion. Document lymph node findings on each side as no lymphadenopathy or State, the abnormal lymph node findings, verbatim as they appear in the report\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Postprocedure mammogram, if obtained (date)\
\
- 
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 note, the shape of the clip/marker deployed and indicate 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 location of the tissue marker with respect to the biopsied lesion if visible mammographically. If not visible, indicate that it was not visible. Included statements of clip migration , residual calcifications, post biopsy changes, such as findings suggestive of serum or hematoma.\
\
\
1. Path report \
Indicate biopsy method used to obtain obtain pathologic tissue sample (cnb stereotactic, ultrasound guided MRI guided find neutral aspiration, surgical excision. \
For each lesion that is described in the report document it's histologic subtype as appears in report (e.g. benign, atypical, lcis dcis, IDC, ILC, IMC) followed by size in parentheses in centimeters, site as laterality/quadrant andor clock face as follow\
IDC (2 cm, 2N6).\
\
If there is notes, clip/marker placement, note the following: - 
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 note, the shape of the clip/marker deployed and indicate 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 location of the tissue marker with respect to the biopsied lesion if visible mammographically. If not visible, indicate that it was not visible. Included statements of clip migration , residual calcifications, post biopsy changes, such as findings suggestive of serum or hematoma.\
\
For receptors\
Note the er pr and her2 status as follows\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Overall section:
\f1\b0  \'93Tests Performed\'94 - check all that apply: 
\f3\b ER
\f1\b0 , 
\f3\b PgR
\f1\b0 , 
\f3\b HER2 IHC
\f1\b0 , 
\f3\b HER2 ISH
\f1\b0 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Estrogen Receptor (ER) Status
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Result category
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Positive
\f1\b0 : >10% tumor cells with 
\f3\b nuclear
\f1\b0  staining\
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-2880\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl3\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Report 
\f3\b % nuclear positivity
\f1\b0  (exact % or a range if >10%): 11-20, 21-30, \'85, 91-100\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Report 
\f3\b average intensity
\f1\b0 : Weak (1+), Moderate (2+), Strong (3+)\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Low Positive
\f1\b0 : 1-10% nuclear positivity\
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-2880\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl3\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Specify exact % (within 1-10%)\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Intensity: Weak/Moderate/Strong\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Include standardized \'93Low Positive\'94 comment\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Negative
\f1\b0 : <1%\
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cannot be determined
\f1\b0 : provide explanation\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Internal controls
\f1\b0  (required if 
\f3\b low positive or negative
\f1\b0 )\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Not applicable / present as expected / absent with external controls OK / other\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Optional alternative scoring
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Allred
\f1\b0 : Proportion score, Intensity score, Total Allred score\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Other scoring system: specify system + score\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Comments on ER
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use standardized ER comments or free text\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Progesterone Receptor (PgR) Status
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Result category
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Positive
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-2880\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl3\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Report 
\f3\b % nuclear positivity
\f1\b0  (exact % or range options: 1-10% (specify), 11-20, \'85, 91-100)\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Report 
\f3\b average intensity
\f1\b0 : Weak (1+), Moderate (2+), Strong (3+)\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Negative
\f1\b0 : <1%\
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cannot be determined
\f1\b0 : provide explanation\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Internal controls
\f1\b0  (required if 
\f3\b negative
\f1\b0 )\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Not applicable / present as expected / absent with external controls OK / other\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Optional alternative scoring
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Allred
\f1\b0 : Proportion score, Intensity score, Total Allred score\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Other scoring system: specify system + score\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Comments on PgR
\f1\b0 : free text\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HER2 by Immunohistochemistry (IHC) Status
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Note: 
\f3\b 0/1+/2+ (ISH negative)
\f1\b0  may still be relevant for \'93HER2-low/ultralow\'94 treatment eligibility in metastatic setting; no staining (0) may be excluded - optional standardized comment suggested.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Result category
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Negative (0)
\f1\b0 :\
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-2880\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl3\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 No membrane staining (0) OR incomplete faint staining in \uc0\u8804 10% cells (0+ pattern) OR other\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Negative (1+)
\f1\b0 :\
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-2880\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl3\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Incomplete faint/barely perceptible membrane staining in >10% cells OR other\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Equivocal (2+)
\f1\b0 :\
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-2880\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl3\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Weak-moderate 
\f3\b complete
\f1\b0  membrane staining in >10% cells, OR\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Moderate-intense but 
\f3\b incomplete
\f1\b0  (basolateral) membrane staining, OR\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \uc0\u8804 10% shows complete intense (3+) staining (limited/heterogeneous), OR\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Abundant cytoplasmic staining obscuring evaluation, OR other\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Positive (3+)
\f1\b0 :\
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-2880\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl3\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Complete, intense 
\f3\b circumferential
\f1\b0  membrane staining in >10% tumor cells (homogeneous/contiguous), OR other\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Clustered heterogeneity
\f1\b0  (only if discrete populations with a 3+ subset)\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Not applicable / not identified / present\
\ls2\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If present: specify 
\f3\b % of cancer with 3+
\f1\b0  (>10%)\
\ls2\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Record staining score in non-3+ areas: 0, 1+, 2+, other\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cannot be determined
\f1\b0 : explain\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Comments on HER2 IHC
\f1\b0 : standardized or free text\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HER2 by In Situ Hybridization (ISH) Status
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Quick reference group definitions
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Group 1 (amplified):
\f1\b0  ratio \uc0\u8805 2.0 AND HER2 signals/cell \u8805 4.0\
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Group 2:
\f1\b0  ratio \uc0\u8805 2.0 AND HER2 signals/cell <4.0\
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Group 3:
\f1\b0  ratio <2.0 AND HER2 signals/cell \uc0\u8805 6.0\
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Group 4:
\f1\b0  ratio <2.0 AND HER2 signals/cell \uc0\u8805 4.0 and <6.0\
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Group 5 (not amplified):
\f1\b0  ratio <2.0 AND HER2 signals/cell <4.0\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Reporting options
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Not performed / pending\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Negative (not amplified, Group 5)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-2880\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl3\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Negative based on IHC + ISH\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Group 2 result with IHC 0-2+\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Group 3 result with IHC 0-1+\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Group 4 result with IHC 0-2+\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2
\f3\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f3 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Positive (amplified, Group 1 in >10% cells)
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\pardeftab720\li2880\fi-2880\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl3\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Positive based on IHC + ISH\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Group 2 with IHC 3+\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Group 3 with IHC 2-3+\
\ls2\ilvl3\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Group 4 with IHC 3+\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl2\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Other (specify)\
\ls2\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f5 \uc0\u9642 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cannot be determined (explain)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
\
}